README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/n00bcodr/Jellyfish/main?logo=semantic-release&logoColor=white&label=Last%20Updated&labelColor=black&color=AA5CC3&cacheSeconds=3600" alt="Last Updated">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/w/n00bcodr/Jellyfish?logo=git&label=Commit%20Activity&labelColor=black&color=00A4DC&cacheSeconds=600" alt="Commit Activity">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Jellyfin%20Version-10.10.7-AA5CC3?logo=jellyfin&logoColor=00A4DC&labelColor=black" alt="Jellyfin Version">
</p>
<br>

# Jellyfish Theme | <img src="./logos/jellyfish.png" alt="jellyfish" width="15%" align="center"/>


This theme is heavily inspired by [Flow](https://github.com/LitCastVlog/Flow), [Zesty](https://github.com/stpnwf/ZestyTheme) and [Ultrachromic](https://github.com/CTalvio/Ultrachromic)
I've made a few tweaks and modifications of my own.

Login page backgrounds from [@ksushlapush](https://unsplash.com/@ksushlapush)


## 📑 Table of Contents

  - [Installation](#installation)
    - [Globally for all users](#globally-for-all-users)
    - [User/Device-Specific Theme (Display Settings)](#userdevice-specific-theme-display-settings)
  - [Theme](#theme)
    - [📝 Companion Scripts](#-companion-scripts)
    - [🎨 Colors:](#-colors)
  - [Recommended Plugins](#recommended-plugins)
  - [🧪 Compatibility](#-compatibility)
  - [Enjoying Jellyfish?](#enjoying-jellyfish)


## Installation

### Globally for all users


To apply a theme globally to all users via the Dashboard:

1.  **Navigate to Dashboard Settings**
    -   Log in as an administrator
    -   Go to **Dashboard** → **General** → **Custom CSS Code**
2.  **Add Import Statement**
    -   In the Custom CSS field, add all the desired `@import` statements:

```css
   @import url("https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/n00bcodr/jellyfish@main/theme.css");
   @import url("https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/n00bcodr/jellyfish@main/indicators.css");
   @import url("https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/n00bcodr/jellyfish@main/indicators.css");
   /* Any other imports or custom CSS will go here */
```
3.  **Save Changes**
    -   Click **Save** at the bottom of the page
    -   Refresh your browser to see the changes

### User/Device-Specific Theme (Display Settings)

Individual users can apply the theme to their own account without affecting others:

1.  **Navigate to User Settings**
    -   Click on your profile icon
    -   Go to **Settings** → **Display** → **Custom CSS Code**
2.  **Add Import Statement**
    -   In the Custom CSS field, add your `@import` statement:


```css
   @import url("https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/n00bcodr/Jellyfish/colors/peach.css");
```

3.  **Save and Refresh**
    -   Click **Save**
    -   Refresh the page to apply the theme

> [!Note]
> If you only want to change the color you can simply add import statement for the color you want. <br>
> If you want to replace the entire CSS for that device, you can choose 'Disable server-provided custom CSS code' and add the CSS statements in user display settings page as you prefer.

----
## Theme
\
**Main Theme with JellyBlue as default**

``` css
@import url("https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/n00bcodr/Jellyfish/theme.css");
```

<table align="center">
  <tr>
    <th style="text-align:center; text-decoration: none;">Home<sup><a href="https://github.com/IAmParadox27/jellyfin-plugin-media-bar/" target="_blank" style="text-decoration: none;">**</a></sup></th>
    <th style="text-align:center">Item Details</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><img src="screenshots/home.png" width="1000"/></td>
    <td><img src="screenshots/item-details.png" width="1000"/></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th style="text-align:center">Login I</th>
    <th style="text-align:center">Login II</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><img src="screenshots/login1.png" width="1000"/></td>
    <td><img src="screenshots/login2.png" width="1000"/></td>
  </tr>
</table>


<p align="center">
----
</p>

**Floating Progress Bar**

``` css
@import url("https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/n00bcodr/Jellyfish/progress_bar.css");
```
<table align="center">
  <tr>
    <th style="text-align:center">Without</th>
    <th style="text-align:center">With</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><img src="screenshots\progressbar_without.png" width="300"/></td>
    <td><img src="screenshots\progressbar_with.png" width="300"/></td>
  </tr>
</table>


<p align="center">
----
</p>

**Indicators attached in the corner**
``` css
@import url("https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/n00bcodr/Jellyfish/indicators.css");
```
<table align="center">
  <tr>
    <th style="text-align:center">Without</th>
    <th style="text-align:center">With</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><img src="screenshots\checkbox_without.png" width="250"/></td>
    <td><img src="screenshots\checkbox_with.png" width="250"/></td>
  </tr>
</table>


<p align="center">
----
</p>

**Text Instead of Icons**
\
\
In item details page, show text for Play, Trailer, Mark as watched etc.

``` css
@import url("https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/n00bcodr/Jellyfish/icontext.css");
```
<table align="center">
  <tr>
    <th style="text-align:center">Without</th>
    <th style="text-align:center">With</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><img src="screenshots\icontext_without.png" width="250"/></td>
    <td><img src="screenshots\icontext_with.png" width="400"/></td>
  </tr>
</table>



<p align="center">
----
</p>

**Coloured Parental Ratings**

<img src="screenshots\ratings.png" width="500"/>

> [!NOTE]
> Only works with a custom [javascript](scripts/rating.js)

``` css
@import url("https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/n00bcodr/Jellyfish/ratings.css");
```

<p align="center">
----
</p>


<h3><img src="./logos/streamberry.png" alt="streamberry" width="12%" align="center"/> Logo</h3>

Streamberry Logo (inspired by Black Mirror) instead of Jellyfish Logo. Included by default with [jellyflix.css](colors\jellyflix.css)

``` css
@import url("https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/n00bcodr/Jellyfish/streamberry_logo.css");
```
<p align="center">
----
</p>

## 📝 Companion Scripts

[Readme.md](/scripts/README.md)

---
## 🎨 Colors

<img src="./colors/swatches/banana.png" alt="banana" width="40%"/>

``` css
@import url("https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/n00bcodr/Jellyfish/colors/banana.css");
```

<p align="center">
----
</p>

<img src="./colors/swatches/coal.png" alt="coal" width="40%"/>

``` css
@import url("https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/n00bcodr/Jellyfish/colors/coal.css");
```
<p align="center">
----
</p>

<img src="./colors/swatches/coral.png" alt="coral" width="40%"/>

``` css
@import url("https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/n00bcodr/Jellyfish/colors/coral.css");
```
<p align="center">
----
</p>

<img src="./colors/swatches/grass.png" alt="grass" width="40%"/>

``` css
@import url("https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/n00bcodr/Jellyfish/colors/grass.css");
```
<p align="center">
----
</p>

<img src="./colors/swatches/jellyblue.png" alt="jellyblue" width="40%"/>

``` css
@import url("https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/n00bcodr/Jellyfish/colors/jellyblue.css");
```
<p align="center">
----
</p>

<img src="./colors/swatches/jellyflix.png" alt="jellyflix" width="40%"/>

``` css
@import url("https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/n00bcodr/Jellyfish/colors/jellyflix.css");
```
<p align="center">
----
</p>

<img src="./colors/swatches/lavender.png" alt="lavender" width="40%"/>

``` css
@import url("https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/n00bcodr/Jellyfish/colors/lavender.css");
```
<p align="center">
----
</p>

<img src="./colors/swatches/mint.png" alt="mint" width="40%"/>

``` css
@import url("https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/n00bcodr/Jellyfish/colors/mint.css");
```
<p align="center">
----
</p>

<img src="./colors/swatches/ocean.png" alt="ocean" width="40%"/>

``` css
@import url("https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/n00bcodr/Jellyfish/colors/ocean.css");
```
<p align="center">
----
</p>

<img src="./colors/swatches/peach.png" alt="peach" width="40%"/>

``` css
@import url("https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/n00bcodr/Jellyfish/colors/peach.css");
```
<p align="center">
----
</p>

<img src="./colors/swatches/watermelon.png" alt="watermelon" width="40%"/>

``` css
@import url("https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/n00bcodr/Jellyfish/colors/watermelon.css");
```

## Recommended Plugins

To completely replicate the look in the screenshots you'd need the below plugins installed and configured
- [jellyfin-plugin-media-bar](https://github.com/IAmParadox27/jellyfin-plugin-media-bar)
- [jellyfin-plugin-custom-tabs](https://github.com/IAmParadox27/jellyfin-plugin-custom-tabs)
- [Jellyfin-Enhanced](https://github.com/n00bcodr/Jellyfin-Enhanced/)

## 🧪 Compatibility

- Works for Movies and TV Shows, should work fine mostly for Music and Books, although I don't use Jellyfin for either of them
- Works on both mobile app and web browser, known to have issues / not work on Jellyfin Media Player

---

<div align="center">

**Made with 💜 for Jellyfin and the community**

### Enjoying Jellyfish?

Checkout my other repos!

[Jellyfin-Enhanced](https://github.com/n00bcodr/Jellyfin-Enhanced) (javascript) • [Jellyfin-Elsewhere](https://github.com/n00bcodr/Jellyfin-Elsewhere) (javascript) • [Jellyfin-Tweaks](https://github.com/n00bcodr/JellyfinTweaks) (plugin) • [Jellyfin-JavaScript-Injector](https://github.com/n00bcodr/Jellyfin-JavaScript-Injector) (plugin) • [Jellyfish](https://github.com/n00bcodr/Jellyfish/) (theme)


</div>

Commit message:

Update README with Jellyfin 10.11 compatibility notes
Added notes for Jellyfin version compatibility and import statement.

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/n00bcodr/Jellyfish/main?logo=semantic-release&logoColor=white&label=Last%20Updated&labelColor=black&color=AA5CC3&cacheSeconds=3600" alt="Last Updated">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/w/n00bcodr/Jellyfish?logo=git&label=Commit%20Activity&labelColor=black&color=00A4DC&cacheSeconds=600" alt="Commit Activity">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Jellyfin%20Version-10.10.7-AA5CC3?logo=jellyfin&logoColor=00A4DC&labelColor=black" alt="Jellyfin Version">
</p>
<br>

# Jellyfish Theme | <img src="./logos/jellyfish.png" alt="jellyfish" width="15%" align="center"/>


This theme is heavily inspired by [Flow](https://github.com/LitCastVlog/Flow), [Zesty](https://github.com/stpnwf/ZestyTheme) and [Ultrachromic](https://github.com/CTalvio/Ultrachromic)
I've made a few tweaks and modifications of my own.

Login page backgrounds from [@ksushlapush](https://unsplash.com/@ksushlapush)

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This theme is designed for Jellyfin Version **10.10.7**, there have been a few changes in version 10.11 which cause alignment issues which I am actively trying to fix.
> 
> If you are on **Jellyfin Version 10.11**, please add the below import statement along with others.
> ```css
> @import url("https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/n00bcodr/jellyfish@main/10.11_fixes.css");
> ```

> [!NOTE]
> Jellyfin Version 10.11 has dropped support for admin dashboard theming - https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin-web/issues/7220#issuecomment-3427290912
> 
> So theming for the admin dashboard does not work, and that is expected.


## 📑 Table of Contents

  - [Installation](#installation)
    - [Globally for all users](#globally-for-all-users)
    - [User/Device-Specific Theme (Display Settings)](#userdevice-specific-theme-display-settings)
  - [Theme](#theme)
    - [📝 Companion Scripts](#-companion-scripts)
    - [🎨 Colors:](#-colors)
  - [Recommended Plugins](#recommended-plugins)
  - [🧪 Compatibility](#-compatibility)
  - [Enjoying Jellyfish?](#enjoying-jellyfish)


## Installation

### Globally for all users


To apply a theme globally to all users via the Dashboard:

1.  **Navigate to Dashboard Settings**
    -   Log in as an administrator
    -   Go to **Dashboard** → **General** → **Custom CSS Code**
2.  **Add Import Statement**
    -   In the Custom CSS field, add all the desired `@import` statements:

```css
   @import url("https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/n00bcodr/jellyfish@main/theme.css");
   @import url("https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/n00bcodr/jellyfish@main/indicators.css");
   @import url("https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/n00bcodr/jellyfish@main/progress_bar.css");
   /* Any other imports or custom CSS will go here */
```
3.  **Save Changes**
    -   Click **Save** at the bottom of the page
    -   Refresh your browser to see the changes

### User/Device-Specific Theme (Display Settings)

Individual users can apply the theme to their own account without affecting others:

1.  **Navigate to User Settings**
    -   Click on your profile icon
    -   Go to **Settings** → **Display** → **Custom CSS Code**
2.  **Add Import Statement**
    -   In the Custom CSS field, add your `@import` statement:


```css
   @import url("https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/n00bcodr/Jellyfish/colors/peach.css");
```

3.  **Save and Refresh**
    -   Click **Save**
    -   Refresh the page to apply the theme

> [!Note]
> If you only want to change the color you can simply add import statement for the color you want. <br>
> If you want to replace the entire CSS for that device, you can choose 'Disable server-provided custom CSS code' and add the CSS statements in user display settings page as you prefer.

----
## Theme
\
**Main Theme with JellyBlue as default**

``` css
@import url("https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/n00bcodr/Jellyfish/theme.css");
```

<table align="center">
  <tr>
    <th style="text-align:center; text-decoration: none;">Home<sup><a href="https://github.com/IAmParadox27/jellyfin-plugin-media-bar/" target="_blank" style="text-decoration: none;">**</a></sup></th>
    <th style="text-align:center">Item Details</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><img src="screenshots/home.png" width="1000"/></td>
    <td><img src="screenshots/item-details.png" width="1000"/></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th style="text-align:center">Login I</th>
    <th style="text-align:center">Login II</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><img src="screenshots/login1.png" width="1000"/></td>
    <td><img src="screenshots/login2.png" width="1000"/></td>
  </tr>
</table>


<p align="center">
----
</p>

**Floating Progress Bar**

``` css
@import url("https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/n00bcodr/Jellyfish/progress_bar.css");
```
<table align="center">
  <tr>
    <th style="text-align:center">Without</th>
    <th style="text-align:center">With</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><img src="screenshots\progressbar_without.png" width="300"/></td>
    <td><img src="screenshots\progressbar_with.png" width="300"/></td>
  </tr>
</table>


<p align="center">
----
</p>

**Indicators attached in the corner**
``` css
@import url("https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/n00bcodr/Jellyfish/indicators.css");
```
<table align="center">
  <tr>
    <th style="text-align:center">Without</th>
    <th style="text-align:center">With</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><img src="screenshots\checkbox_without.png" width="250"/></td>
    <td><img src="screenshots\checkbox_with.png" width="250"/></td>
  </tr>
</table>


<p align="center">
----
</p>

**Text Instead of Icons**
\
\
In item details page, show text for Play, Trailer, Mark as watched etc.

``` css
@import url("https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/n00bcodr/Jellyfish/icontext.css");
```
<table align="center">
  <tr>
    <th style="text-align:center">Without</th>
    <th style="text-align:center">With</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><img src="screenshots\icontext_without.png" width="250"/></td>
    <td><img src="screenshots\icontext_with.png" width="400"/></td>
  </tr>
</table>



<p align="center">
----
</p>

**Coloured Parental Ratings**

<img src="screenshots\ratings.png" width="500"/>

> [!NOTE]
> Only works with a custom [javascript](scripts/rating.js)

``` css
@import url("https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/n00bcodr/Jellyfish/ratings.css");
```

<p align="center">
----
</p>


<h3><img src="./logos/streamberry.png" alt="streamberry" width="12%" align="center"/> Logo</h3>

Streamberry Logo (inspired by Black Mirror) instead of Jellyfish Logo. Included by default with [jellyflix.css](colors\jellyflix.css)

``` css
@import url("https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/n00bcodr/Jellyfish/streamberry_logo.css");
```
<p align="center">
----
</p>

## 📝 Companion Scripts

[Readme.md](/scripts/README.md)

---
## 🎨 Colors

<img src="./colors/swatches/banana.png" alt="banana" width="40%"/>

``` css
@import url("https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/n00bcodr/Jellyfish/colors/banana.css");
```

<p align="center">
----
</p>

<img src="./colors/swatches/coal.png" alt="coal" width="40%"/>

``` css
@import url("https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/n00bcodr/Jellyfish/colors/coal.css");
```
<p align="center">
----
</p>

<img src="./colors/swatches/coral.png" alt="coral" width="40%"/>

``` css
@import url("https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/n00bcodr/Jellyfish/colors/coral.css");
```
<p align="center">
----
</p>

<img src="./colors/swatches/grass.png" alt="grass" width="40%"/>

``` css
@import url("https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/n00bcodr/Jellyfish/colors/grass.css");
```
<p align="center">
----
</p>

<img src="./colors/swatches/jellyblue.png" alt="jellyblue" width="40%"/>

``` css
@import url("https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/n00bcodr/Jellyfish/colors/jellyblue.css");
```
<p align="center">
----
</p>

<img src="./colors/swatches/jellyflix.png" alt="jellyflix" width="40%"/>

``` css
@import url("https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/n00bcodr/Jellyfish/colors/jellyflix.css");
```
<p align="center">
----
</p>

<img src="./colors/swatches/lavender.png" alt="lavender" width="40%"/>

``` css
@import url("https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/n00bcodr/Jellyfish/colors/lavender.css");
```
<p align="center">
----
</p>

<img src="./colors/swatches/mint.png" alt="mint" width="40%"/>

``` css
@import url("https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/n00bcodr/Jellyfish/colors/mint.css");
```
<p align="center">
----
</p>

<img src="./colors/swatches/ocean.png" alt="ocean" width="40%"/>

``` css
@import url("https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/n00bcodr/Jellyfish/colors/ocean.css");
```
<p align="center">
----
</p>

<img src="./colors/swatches/peach.png" alt="peach" width="40%"/>

``` css
@import url("https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/n00bcodr/Jellyfish/colors/peach.css");
```
<p align="center">
----
</p>

<img src="./colors/swatches/watermelon.png" alt="watermelon" width="40%"/>

``` css
@import url("https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/n00bcodr/Jellyfish/colors/watermelon.css");
```

## Recommended Plugins

To completely replicate the look in the screenshots you'd need the below plugins installed and configured
- [jellyfin-plugin-media-bar](https://github.com/IAmParadox27/jellyfin-plugin-media-bar)
- [jellyfin-plugin-custom-tabs](https://github.com/IAmParadox27/jellyfin-plugin-custom-tabs)
- [Jellyfin-Enhanced](https://github.com/n00bcodr/Jellyfin-Enhanced/)

## 🧪 Compatibility

- Works for Movies and TV Shows, should work fine mostly for Music and Books, although I don't use Jellyfin for either of them
- Works on both mobile app and web browser, known to have issues / not work on Jellyfin Media Player

---

<div align="center">

**Made with 💜 for Jellyfin and the community**

### Enjoying Jellyfish?

Checkout my other repos!

[Jellyfin-Enhanced](https://github.com/n00bcodr/Jellyfin-Enhanced) (javascript) • [Jellyfin-Elsewhere](https://github.com/n00bcodr/Jellyfin-Elsewhere) (javascript) • [Jellyfin-Tweaks](https://github.com/n00bcodr/JellyfinTweaks) (plugin) • [Jellyfin-JavaScript-Injector](https://github.com/n00bcodr/Jellyfin-JavaScript-Injector) (plugin) • [Jellyfish](https://github.com/n00bcodr/Jellyfish/) (theme)


</div>
